In the
Ho! You came late, Waka.
You were late.
I told my boss to come over to see you again,
but he refused.
Excuse him...
Your unpacking controllers just valley.
I was relieved,
that you were still in good spirits.
And told my boss I should stay and you should come see me myself.
Andre, you turn yourself in to Wednesday
and bet your whole life
By the means of the kitchen
whether Mr. Missè will change anything
to the back of the head
No, he won't
It's a shame
Oh, really?
Don't tell me that the
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know.
I thought it was a voice similar to the one in the kitchen.
But it was definitely the voice of Asojiro.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, my dear husband.
When do you want to be treated?
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm talking about now.
Do you know me?
I know you.
I'm getting old. I'm getting old.
I'm getting old.
Thank you for watching.